Air Combat Designer v1.0 TM
                 for F-22:Air Dominance Fighter 


                                            Click on the image below to download now!

                                                          Click here for a screen
                                                          shot!

                                                          AIR COMBAT
                                                          DESIGNER (ACD):
                                                          WHAT IS IT?

                                                          How long can you survive
                                                          with 5 Su-27's on your tail?
                                                          Can you go head- to-head
                                                          against a pair of F22's using
                                                          guns only? Do you want to
                                                          fly a quick air combat
                 mission and want it to be a surprise? Well then 'Air Combat Designer' is for you.
                 'Air Combat DesignerTM' by Game Tool Technologies is an add-on utility for
                 DID's great flight simulation F22:Air Dominance Fighter. Within minutes you can
                 be designing, flying and fighting air combat scenarios
                 where no one really knows what you'll be up against
                 until you fly it. You can tweak certain mission variables
                 to your liking or choose to have a totally unknown
                 air-to-air challenge. No matter how you want to create
                 your missions - no two missions will EVER be the
                 same!


                 Installation:

                 Since F22:ADF does not have official mission file save/retrieve
                 functionality, to be able to fly custom missions from within the sim
                 you must install Air Combat DesignerTM as follows:

                  Create a directory named 'ADD_ONS' under the
                 ...DID\F22ADF\PROGRAM directory. When you do this your
                 directory structure should look as follows:
                 ...DID\F22ADF\PROGRAM\ADD_ONS\

                  Run the install program (ADF_ACD10.EXE) and instruct it to unzip ACD into
                 the newly created ADD_ONS directory.

                  You are ready to generate save and fly dynamic air-to-air combat missions from
                 within F22:ADF.

                 Please Note: Once you have generated and saved a mission, you must start
                 F22:ADF. To run the mission from within F22:ADF, select the Simulation menu
                 option from its main menu. Click on the 'Free Flight' interface button and you will
                 see that the first mission will have been changed to 'GTT Air Combat Scenario'.
                 Click on this and fly it.

                 You can run ACD and F22:ADF at the same time. By alt-tabbing between the
                 two programs you can generate a scenario, switch to ADF and fly it, generate
                 another scenario, fly it, etc, etc, etc...

                 HOW TO USE ACD

                 Using the Run option from your Windows 9x Start button, select the
                 ADF_ACD.EXE in the add_ons directory and click Open. This will start ACD.
                 You are now able to generate an air combat mission.

                 GLOBAL SETTINGS SECTION

                 This is the section where you define the parameters for generating your air combat
                 senarios. You have control over:

                      Number of Flights: - determine exactly how many flights will be in your
                      mission. Or check the random box to let ACD decide for you. The
                      minimum is 1 (Player only) and the maximum is 50. 
                      Percent Enemy: -determine exactly how many enemy vs. friendly flights are
                      created. Check the Random box to let ACD decide for you. 
                      Payload: - determine if planes will have guns & missiles or just guns only.
                      Check the Random box and each flight's payload will be decided by ACD. 
                      Proximity Factor: - this setting determines how closely packed the initial
                      starting point of all flights are. A factor of 1 starts all planes off basically
                      within visual range. A factor of 10 will generate flights that could be
                      hundreds of miles apart. 
                      Generate Scenario: - click on this button when you are finished deciding on
                      your parameters. This will generate a secific set of flights that can be further
                      tweaked or immediately saved to a mission. Flights have random waypoints
                      generated around the map. No two starting locations will be the same so
                      you'll get a good tour of the region by generating different missions. Mission
                      start times are also randomly chosen providing you with a variety of light
                      conditions during the day and night. 

                 EDIT FLIGHTS SECTION

                 In this section you can edit the flights that have been created to suit your specific
                 needs before you save it.

                      Flight Number: - selects and displays a specific flight for editing. The
                      following items can be edited: 
                      Plane Type: - select an, F22, an Su-27 or any of 25 different planes. 
                      Size: - edit the number of planes that will be in the flight. Give yourself up to
                      3 wingmen... or go solo! N
                      ationality: - determine the flight's nationality - USA or Russian. The Player's
                      flight s always USA. 
                      Payload: - edit the payload option for Guns Only or Guns & Missiles. 
                      Save Scenario: - click this button to save the mission to a file before flying. 

                 Once you have generated and saved a mission, fire up F22:ADF and select the
                 Simulation menu option from its main menu. Click on the the 'Free Flight' interface
                 button and you will see that the first mission will have been changed to 'GTT Air
                 Combat Scenario'. Click on this to fly your ACD mission.

                 TIPS & HINTS

                 Currently ACD is only able to generate one mission at a time. We are working on
                 the ability to be able to generate and save multiple user-named missons. Using the
                 next tip below will help for now.

                 You can run ACD and F22:ADF at the same time. By alt-tabbing between the
                 two programs you can generate a scenario, switch to ADF and fly it, generate
                 another scenario, fly it, etc, etc, etc...

                 If you ever wish to restore F22:ADF back to its original state, simply rename the
                 'ADD_ONS' directory to a different name, for example 'ADD_ON$'. By
                 switching back and forth between naming the directory 'ADD_ONS' and
                 something else, you can activate custom missions at will.

                 You may also choose a plane other than an F22 for the Player's flight, but the
                 word is that it just changes the shape and not the actual flight model. You will also
                 not have a virtual cockpit when flying non-F22 planes.

